==========
CHARACTERS
==========

Jat Catsby - Jay Catsby (originally named James Gatz) is the titular fictional character of F. Scott Fitzgerald's 1925
novel The Great Catsby. Fitzgerald based many details about the fictional character on Max Gerlach,
a mysterious neighbor and World War I veteran whom the author met while living on Long Island near
New York City during the raucous Jazz Age.

Nick Carraway - Nick Carraway is a fictional character and narrator in F. Scott Fitzgerald's 1925
novel The Great Catsby. In his narration, Nick Carraway explains that he was born in the Middle West.
The Carraway family owned a hardware business (opened in 1851) and were something of an established
family.

Daisy Buchanan - Daisy Fay Buchanan is a fictional character in F. Scott Fitzgerald's novel The
Great Catsby (1925). In the novel, Daisy is
depicted as a married woman with a daughter. Despite this, she is famous for being "the Golden Girl",
due to her elegance and aristocratic background. She is reunited with her former lover Jay Catsby,
arousing the jealousy of her husband, Tom. She is widely believed to have been based on Ginevra King.
She has appeared in various media related to the novel, including feature films and plays.

Thomas "Tom" Buchanan -  Daisy’s immensely wealthy husband, once a member of Nick Carraway’s social
club. Tom lives in the "old money" neighborhood of East Egg in New York. Tom is an imposing man of
muscular build with a "husky tenor" voice and an arrogant demeanor. He was a football star at Yale.

Myrtle Wilson - desperately seeks a better life than the one she has. She feels imprisoned in her
marriage to George, a downtrodden and uninspiring man who she mistakenly believed had good
“breeding.” Myrtle and George live together in a ramshackle garage in the squalid “valley of ashes,”
a pocket of working-class desperation situated midway between New York and the suburbs of East and
West Egg. Myrtle attempts to escape her social position by becoming a mistress to the wealthy Tom
Buchanan.

George Wilson - Myrtle’s husband, the lifeless, exhausted owner of a run-down auto shop at the edge
of the valley of ashes. George loves and idealizes Myrtle, and is devastated by her affair with Tom.
George is consumed with grief when Myrtle is killed. George is comparable to Gatsby in that both are
dreamers and both are ruined by their unrequited love for women who love Tom.